Ian Hatcher: And Hello again and welcome back to the yellow arts program here, we are on date for.
Ian Hatcher: The final day.
Ian Hatcher: I want to again thank everyone involved in the conference and everyone that I have heard two things at the conference, which has been really interesting and wonderful and I also want to thank the other members of the performance committee who helped.
Ian Hatcher: Put the arts program together Claire DONATO astronaut and slender and catalyst to 10.
Ian Hatcher: As well as everybody doing other curatorial work, which is always a lot um.
Ian Hatcher: let's see here before we begin i'm going to share this URL if you have not already seen it from me sharing it before or following a link to it, because there are videos to be watched oh i'm so excited about the pizza that is on its way um.
Ian Hatcher: And there's no as you if those of you who are here in yesterday and saw daria Petrova talking about the project with the students in St Petersburg there's now translated video of their telegram chat that is on the performance side.
Ian Hatcher: it's in that first row, but please do not let that distract you from.
Ian Hatcher: Someone performing live, which is about to begin, if everyone could turn your video and sound off for this first one.
Ian Hatcher: This will be a free konami.
Ian Hatcher: A ready.
Ofri Cnaani: I have not been able to see the game after contract it's true.
Ofri Cnaani: But i'll do it for you.
So.
Ofri Cnaani: let's go.
Ofri Cnaani: This story starts with an error.
Ofri Cnaani: In six or eight hours on Saturday night in early September 2018 flames consumed, the biggest collection of proceed in history.
Ofri Cnaani: Was I wanted that everything but the question is when is the appropriate time to release all that information.
Ofri Cnaani: Only handful of artifacts 20 million items that were housed in the museum survive this colossal disaster to give you a sense of perspective, they call the collection of the British Museum holds 8 million items a lobotomy of the Brazilian memory.
Ofri Cnaani: an image of a nation it's lance and its culture.
Ofri Cnaani: The immense encyclopedia collection.
Ofri Cnaani: included priceless archives of pre Columbian Indo American cultures, the oldest human remains ever found in Brazil and audio recording of indigenous languages may have many of them are no longer spoken.
Ofri Cnaani: Also 5 million butterflies and other entrepreneurs 12,000 years old fossil human remains thousands of indigenous ceramics and a fresco from pompei.
Ofri Cnaani: meteorite that hit areas in 17 8084 survived the fire no problem.
Ofri Cnaani: Better they've been there, go travel from space to Brazilian soils by here in rests still have the ground for several thousand years.
Ofri Cnaani: And irregular math 5360 kilograms of iron covered by four inch layer of oxidation with numerous depressions on the surface and cylinder like holes oriented parallel to its greater legs.
Ofri Cnaani: part of its lower portion was lost during lending and left a smooth surface on one face.
Ofri Cnaani: The side I N, it also consists of nickel, cobalt, phosphorus and traces of sulfur and carbon in much smaller quantities only measured in parts, by million.
Ofri Cnaani: Ever since it contact with the human eye the iron has been on the move, again.
Ofri Cnaani: The boy domingo's the motor with Hello grace cattle on the farm near the present town of monta Center when the first when he first spotted it the year was 1784.
Ofri Cnaani: Even the slow local movement of people and commerce, the news of finding of the findings spread quickly in 1785 governor do reagan's management says this.
Ofri Cnaani: arrange for it to be transported to Salvador, however, the metal right excessive weight make transportation difficult the cart it was on lost its control and the metal right phil and dry stream bed just at hundred meter away from the sport, it was originally find.
Ofri Cnaani: The method, I did not travel with the people, the people started to visit indigo the Royal Society published drawing in its periodical.
Ofri Cnaani: In the first reproduction of the metal rock started to orbit the visual sphere, you can buy a copy in 14 pine pounds 95 the year was 18 1870 year later, it was lifted enrolled to the National Museum and stopped right by its doors.
Ofri Cnaani: First room pious passed by the armed personnel and the metal turnstiles it was resting on the national Brazilian pedestal for 130 years.
Ofri Cnaani: Always first to view.
Ofri Cnaani: The first image to take.
Ofri Cnaani: Then the fire happened no major damage stand first room behind a metal turnstiles all covered with ashes from burnt neighboring objects.
Ofri Cnaani: images were uploaded and downloaded links were assured post were posted pictures transmitted up toward the air up toward a space and fell down to Brazilian earth, what are the means which to guess seeds.
Ofri Cnaani: After the ashes in the images vested I clicked on the link and entered the museum again.
Ofri Cnaani: There, there are no, no to the right or to the left.
Ofri Cnaani: I pass the two blurred faces on personnel and glided through the metal turnstiles on my way to the staircase I dragged my cursor around and above been Diego smearing glitches with depressions and cylinder shaped holes forming a God digital irregular mass of image matter.
Ofri Cnaani: Mine would hope that contemporary technology would offer its most treasure artifacts a better chance of survival than the library of Alexandria.
Ofri Cnaani: It feels almost unimaginable that so many valuable objects were simply wiped off the heirs of the face of the earth without living a digital trace.
Ofri Cnaani: The age of algorithmic reproduction when automatic backup is a default standard, too often, we need to find the right for the right to be forgotten.
Ofri Cnaani: But the economy of remembering everything is still entangled with the geography of their right to be remembered that you see this storage space was licking for a while now.
Ofri Cnaani: Over 90% of the national collection was simply lost because there was not enough water in the fire hydrant.
Ofri Cnaani: to extinguish the blaze and error, a break within the ordered world for some times now, the pressure is in the fire hydrants was too low.
Ofri Cnaani: But the high pressure of real estate industry developers didn't stop pumping bringing the system to the brink of collapse.
Ofri Cnaani: This is a dry season for fire hydrants and water pumps and local reservoir and natural water shades for some times now, but is a quarter or slowly dehydrating under official priorities for modern water dry became a condition.
Ofri Cnaani: This was an old building with old an old with building with all sorts of all lives and no.
Ofri Cnaani: No liquidity.
Ofri Cnaani: liquid assets, the city was busy building a brand new museum of tomorrow, it was a question of liquidity fire was the method.
Ofri Cnaani: A fragmented an eclectic digital collection survive from the ruins the images available on wiki wikimedia Commons.
Ofri Cnaani: All taken by small interest group and visitors who captured highlights from the collection that are now stored on their personal devices or cloud services or shared fire social media.
Ofri Cnaani: images, you can report are too much other data they have been slowly aggregated other images they saw location, they checked in at a personal library organized by geolocation or facial.
Jill Walker Rettberg: Recognition, I think.
Ofri Cnaani: social networks and other data.
Ofri Cnaani: They are partial anecdotal broken, but also very much connected.
Ofri Cnaani: Each file name bites contributor one name is masek shells shells that shaping the other Sofia in dinner 11.
Ofri Cnaani: The primary school age Sophia and how purple stuffed monkey with long arms are now main protagonist of the national Brazilian collection.
Ofri Cnaani: With a few dozen images named after her and new princess in what once at once, was a palace than a museum and now a site of collective witnessing of things being left acknowledged and the and acknowledged.
Ofri Cnaani: There is also.
Ofri Cnaani: A virtual tour product of Google art and culture, when well, one can easily visit the no longer existing museum normal boxes and cabinets the museum information is now stored through the same technology as your street.
Ofri Cnaani: long ago collection have become a toxic warehouses for genocidal practices and histories of colonial dispositions in Eurasia where objects embodies our storage spaces for transgenerational trauma.
Ofri Cnaani: can be that parent in the fire and melted into wiki stock rooms of digital digital recollection or used by Google for data correlation.
Ofri Cnaani: storage is our new species of spaces.
Ofri Cnaani: Through via de janeiro's night sky ashes flew up to the air and fell on the ground.
Ofri Cnaani: burned and propose an ancient cockroaches trapped in backyards employee surveys and rejected papers fell quietly quietly on strips and balconies like fallen leaves.
Ofri Cnaani: index cards landed on the neighbors front porch burn particles forms another life form another life to local flights and touch down much closer to home.
Ofri Cnaani: ashes scattered and spread out the word like silent witnesses carrying by whispering wind.
Ofri Cnaani: The first edits on the Portuguese, we can meet Wikipedia.
Ofri Cnaani: The first edit on the Portuguese Wikipedia was made by an anonymous user at 8:40pm on the night of September 2 minutes after the reports on TV began.
Ofri Cnaani: an hour and a half later an entry dedicated to the fire itself.
Ofri Cnaani: was created.
Ofri Cnaani: And the following hours, the collections Wikipedia page, which was once on the update by dedicated contributors started to circulate globally.
Ofri Cnaani: Here is a stray cat pouring between two columns with peeling paint their effort of indigenous hunter a very low angled photo clearly taken by a child exposes a lick in the upper corner that was fixed with layer of brown packing to.
Ofri Cnaani: The museum loans in the winter, the museum loans in the summer and multiple copies of the same shirt that was never deleted offering a generational personal testimony again institutional and amnesia.
Ofri Cnaani: patent or Louise love ashes, and so, instead of a guy.
Ofri Cnaani: ashes, are the best storytellers and so coffee guy and then best mystery form an expert of Egyptian monuments, he was brushing that for a living, if you can call it the living.
Ofri Cnaani: His work at the National Museum was like in living in a giant Russian doll shaped circle fergus and memory chamber of all sort of things that one's called life.
Ofri Cnaani: are now kept in jars and glass cases register forms in long list catalog and exhibition shirts and photocopies many photocopies.
Ofri Cnaani: Also, slides and films tapes and floppy disks in the wrongs and memory sticks that sometimes reminded him of skaters.
Ofri Cnaani: Moving between rooms and boxes, he imagined his workplace is a giant based fed with their life forms and memory forms each has a copy and metabolic look, but for bedroom This is where life is so life was good.
Ofri Cnaani: First time now Pedro is using his Toolkit to excavate his own workplace coffins and emulates staples and line levels and escape terms like memory sticks.
Ofri Cnaani: New ashes consume the old ashes new death consumed all.
Ofri Cnaani: The matter that recorded the evidence of violence is devour devoured by its own materiality niekro metabolism.
Ofri Cnaani: pedra brushes and measures and put them in boxes, he thinks of this normal people who live in the yanomami but then.
Ofri Cnaani: Who destroyed the marks of by of the dead by consuming their own copper ality the meticulous practice of remembering to forget include drinking the liquid that came out of the cyst palaver pulverizing their bones consuming the ashes and eating the rest mixed with banana porridge.
Ofri Cnaani: The dead, have the right to be forgotten their own deeds forget them their own life erase them their belonging must be burned their metabolic system is a hell of a mnemonic device pedra stuck boxes in rooms, a colleague tells petro petro the original pieces that we were.
Ofri Cnaani: That were there are now part of our conquest, through the struggle of our loved ones who are not here now, we have memories.
Ofri Cnaani: More than what we but we live for them and petro petro things of life of living of doing or thinking with them with us dead or alive ashes ashes, we all fall down.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you.
Ian Hatcher: For that beautiful performance.
spitting mode for people to react to to express their appreciation.
Ian Hatcher: Next up on our on our bill, we have Kristen as wiley and Alfred s fox with perfect movement engineering for better every day zooming.
Please take it away.
Wiley & Fox: Welcome welcome, and thank you so much for joining us, or should we think your bosses for making this mandatory we wouldn't be here without them so let's give them a short round of applause.
Wiley & Fox: So who are we i'm Kristen asked wiley and I offered as Fox and we are CC Oh, is that cheap corporeal officials at good movement Inc.
Wiley & Fox: we're here to present our latest invention perfect movement engineering for better every day zoom in a little bit about box, we are amazing and we are in a cyclone and usually we're on a roll your bosses payroll.
Wiley & Fox: No seriously we love this, this is our bread and butter with cheese and placed on a grill we are the grilled cheese of this zoom testing brave new world and happy to serve our gooey insights to zoomers across the glow.
Wiley & Fox: We do this for upwards of $2,000 thousand dollars.
Wiley & Fox: But today we're generously donating your time so yellow we're here to help you maximize your performances to level up.
Wiley & Fox: So, before we begin, we need to get a little disclaimer out of the way so take a moment to read it there's nothing unusual here just your typical terms and conditions.
Wiley & Fox: It continues so take a moment to scan it make sure, everything is in order.
Wiley & Fox: Okay here's, the last thing go ahead and finish reading.
Wiley & Fox: Okay, great So if you find our terms and conditions to be disagreeable we invite you to leave the zoom call now if the road jack and if you stay, you are legally bound to our terms and conditions being President this presentation confirms your consent.
Wiley & Fox: Okay, so everyone here can sense wonderful okay.
Wiley & Fox: So here's an overview of our extensive qualitative and quantitative research based on observing or willing zoom clientele.
Wiley & Fox: and collecting their data so after extensive review and analysis of our texts our test subjects data points we found a positive correlation between better zoom performances.
Wiley & Fox: and better workplace promotion and overall quality of life and our expert data team has assured us that this research might not be perfect.
Wiley & Fox: But it's definitely good so let's take a closer look at one of the data visualizations a deep dive, this is a rare behind the scenes look at where the magic happens.
Wiley & Fox: If you look at the upper right quadrant you can easily see that our network data points, establish a clear causal relationship between better zooming and better human we're all about the holistic human here at better movement.
Wiley & Fox: So the first round.
Wiley & Fox: Based on this extensive research, we have identified three key realms of perfect movement based training, so the first run the holistic situation of the entire body, while teleconferencing the second one is the micro movements of the face, including the mandible.
Wiley & Fox: The third is the realm of hand gestures, which we know that you academics are particularly fond of.
Wiley & Fox: Okay let's get into it so we're going to need you all to turn on your cameras and Judy Would you mind turning your camera on.
Wiley & Fox: Mark Would you mind also your camera because do you mind turning that on.
Wiley & Fox: camera on please a rental yeah please could you turn your camera on.
Wiley & Fox: A Margarita we'd like to ask you to turn your camera on please okay anybody else it doesn't have their camera on go ahead and flip that switch right and turn that camera right Oh, I did turn that camera I said, well done, everybody.
Wiley & Fox: Alright So the first thing to know is that you're always performing when you're in a zoom call, especially in gallery view like this.
Wiley & Fox: People are scanning the screen and you want to make sure that your movements and expressions convey your best self so to set yourself up for success, you need to make sure your zoom.
Wiley & Fox: platform is on point so we'd like to invite you to click the arrow next to your video icon click choose video filter and then you'll see a range of options, for instance, if you are attending a theater so it might make sense to use this stage.
Wiley & Fox: Most workplace contacts you're probably want to keep it more professional so make sure you choose a filter that portrays you in your best light.
Wiley & Fox: we're particularly excited about the beta studio effects that zoom just rolled out you'll find these by accessing the blue link and the bottom right corner of the video filters pop up box.
Wiley & Fox: we've got browse we've got lip color just make sure that if you're using these filters that you make sure that they are always on point.
Wiley & Fox: Now what you've all been waiting for we're gonna do mo three perfect movements perfect movement number one, the attempt nod so you're not.
Wiley & Fox: thoughtfully you're conveying attentiveness and now let's break down these specific features that continuous nodding I didn't even tempo not too fast, not.
sure.
Wiley & Fox: you're gonna want to slay me raise your eyebrows not too much you don't want to seem surprised, but wow That was a really good idea, you really taken it in wine those eyes, but not too much.
Wiley & Fox: lean in but not too far lean into slightly just to show.
Wiley & Fox: i'm really contemplating that while you're doing this, be careful to manage the micro movements in your eyebrows and your cheekbones people will notice what's happening across your entire face.
Wiley & Fox: So once you've mastered the basics of this gesture we have some optional advanced add on features, for instance chin on hand, you might lean forward.
Wiley & Fox: And then keep nodding because you're really thinking hmm or the hushed yourself up gesture to show you're really listening.
Wiley & Fox: So perfect movement number two the empathetic furrow you're concerned what you're showing empathy now let's break down the specific features, so the furrowed brow.
Wiley & Fox: The furrowed eyebrows soft eyes, but not too soft you don't want to look like you're asleep slightly flared nostrils to really show how much you're empathizing and a frown and empathetic frown, though not a clown frown.
Wiley & Fox: Perfect movement number three the million miles smile you're leaving the meeting you're giving your best outros smile and wave you're conveying genuine warmth and leaving them all, with a winning million miles smile now let's break down the specific features.
Wiley & Fox: The term make sure to choose good so.
Wiley & Fox: That big movie star smile make sure to scrunch your eyes and lift your cheekbones to convey genuine warm.
Wiley & Fox: The speed and rhythm of the wave not too fast.
Wiley & Fox: Right just dry.
Wiley & Fox: So the hands also need to be in a correct distance from the camera so not too far, oh Hello or not too close just right.
Wiley & Fox: So now freeze once you've done this for a couple moments you've gotten in your smile on your way you've made sure everyone is seeing it while you're trying to find the button to leave the call.
Wiley & Fox: you're going to pause your wave and just freeze while you find the clothes buttons you make sure to leave that with the best image.
Wiley & Fox: Okay, great so now you're all going to get together and breakout rooms to practice in small groups you'll coach and support each other to maximize your effective performance for each perfect movement.
Wiley & Fox: Once you've helped each other level up and you've all reached optimal levels for one of the three movements, you will take a screenshot.
Wiley & Fox: So you should have an effect at three screenshots within five minutes one document in each of the three perfect moments you're going to want to designate one person within your small group to take each screenshot and upload it to a folder that we are posting in the chat now.
Wiley & Fox: So make sure that you click the link in the chat now to access the folder this will provide evidence for your employers that you have successfully completed the perfect movement.
Wiley & Fox: Training alright, everyone has the link.
Wiley & Fox: Alright folks it's time to level up what's or Zuma, as we like to five.
Wiley & Fox: So john are you having trouble joining your breakout room.
Wiley & Fox: Alright, welcome back everybody so we'd like to practice, the three movements, all together, one more time.
Wiley & Fox: Starting with perfect movement number one the attentive nod let's all do it together.
Wiley & Fox: And now perfect movement number two the empathetic for.
Wiley & Fox: And finally perfect movement number three the million miles smile.
Wiley & Fox: Everybody you have successfully achieved.
Wiley & Fox: So we have a little something special for you just a little something.
Wiley & Fox: That we're going to post in the chat now.
Wiley & Fox: So this is a certificate.
Wiley & Fox: of completion, to give to your employer.
Wiley & Fox: showing that you have successfully level that in your workplace performance we've dropped it in the chat and.
Wiley & Fox: And we've already signed it so we've left a blank space for you to fill in your own man, yes, so this.
Wiley & Fox: introductory training to get your feet wet in our intensive training you'll have the opportunity to really build up those face muscles and.
Wiley & Fox: Fully explore all three realms of perfect zoom movement your certificate also gets you a 5% discount on the more extended advanced training to reach your highest zoom potential to level up or zoom up as we like to say.
Wiley & Fox: So we're dropping our business cards in the chat so you're able to contact us to schedule your follow up more advanced training so make sure to download our business cards, as well as your completion certificate alright well thanks everybody and make sure to be in touch.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you so much Kristen s wiley and Alfred s fox.
Ian Hatcher: I feel like i'm now totally prepared for the past year, in a way that I wasn't before.
Ian Hatcher: Alright, so for our final performance, today we have a featured performance by Adam are a dad morrissey mark Jeffrey with Abraham Amazon.
Ian Hatcher: You three are you ready.
Ian Hatcher: I think if everyone could turn their video off for this one, I think this one may consume a bit of bandwidth and we'll run better that way.
/: i'm ready, are you.
ready i'm ready.
/: ready.
/: let's give me one second.
/: Okay kylie's.
/: birthday today, and this is for kylie.
Introduce yourself to the listening audience hello, we are.
This is the original rhinestone cowboy.
Many different play show.
known.
To work.
/: I was sitting on my bed side.
/: Just as lonesome as could be.
/: And I said to my grandmother.
/: I said softer latifah.
/: Give me something to make me brave.
/: And it may seem unbelievable.
/: But my mother replied.
/: She said.
/: Make.
/: An outfit.
/: I was sitting on my bed side.
/: This is lonesome as can be.
/: And I said to the stranger.
/: Give me something to make me calm.
/: And it may seem unbelievable.
/: But the anonymous reply.
/: Was make.
/: You.
outfit.
/: I was lying in my bed.
/: Just as long.
/: As I could be.
/: My dad.
/: Give me something.
/: To make.
/: me last fray.
/: And it may seem unbelievable.
/: My dad gave me a number of cows.
T.
He he.
So long so long.
you're down.
hi.
See.
like it.
Like.
Do.
Miss.
Really.
cold.
smile.
along the way.
So many.
sexes so.
So many so many.
c E O V E r.
This is amazing place how many hours a day, do you think you work on this place over.
here.
Darren.
star.
Many, many, many.
years.
Designing.
Making some different plans common know.
In my mind, I can see see Maurice to concede design pitcher displays a wake up in the dream thinking about it in.
My CD beautiful design.
/: i've been walking the streets solo.
/: saying the same old song.
/: The fact that.
/: We have holster a hollow phone.
/: Because the saddle is inside us and we are inside it.
/: Go that hollers toward Turkish seat.
/: Because home is a fortress for its masters repose.
/: His innermost in braziers illuminate the cover song.
/: Because when he dances up a blue streak I can't tell them from the source.
/: In the theater of the discovers.
/: we forgot that our windows are in braziers still.
/: Because of man's home is his cast from his cut.
/: We extend arm through the double slit.
/: The other side becomes.
/: The other side.
/: An eruption of rhinestones dazzling our walls.
/: Because in embrace your.
/: Is a whole that holds.
/: Because.
/: there's a whole.
/: That whole.
/: nudie suit is a way of covering.
/: While being uncovered.
/: To invert the monument we shuck it show you invest becomes concave a cavity and encrypt that each step along the portage to Chicago these diligent workers of vengeance burst with an eagerness so lovely I wasn't really.
vital that the memory another.
One of the ranger before.
/: empire has whiter teeth than shoulders.
/: In a city of inverted architecture.
/: That rotates the Rack to transfer power easily.
/: So that even the angels are complicit in confabulated history.
/: We invoke this operation.
/: For a tender inversion.
/: of our bodies.
/: We dilate.
/: The penumbra of our embrace.
/: We domesticate a date avoid of our embrace.
/: To me, make.
/: A bottom.
/: Of the towers here's how.
/: We Plumb.
/: The design need luggage managers.
/: Of the highest heights.
/: that's ups.
/: d E and D E r.
/: I have yet.
/: To the other barred.
/: In braziers.
/: in danger me.
/: out on a horse in our intractable tract with a breath that lands.
/: Not too.
/: Not to regret the breath of language.
/: includes myself.
/: My home body breath from the.
/: collapse.
/: breath.
/: The windows Eurasia.
/: In a new life of night, where I can't touch your anonymity.
/: doubting that this convincing our it's really not real.
/: each piece of the corpus passed over our wall.
/: reconfigures about, we agreed to share it out.
/: into a sentence, whose risks are not palpable know.
/: T.
/: To get to the other side.
He.
Be.
A.
s.
You.
Are.
charged.
In the fort's.
addition.
The aperture faces itself.
Because the fort is inside us.
And we are inside it.
Before.
disappearance.
became a Fort.
By the same name.
Because it records it replicates itself without effort or and.
embrace your.
divides us.
In a weaponized home.
Because the fort.
knows how to mark.
A body.
it's elbows bound in a elbows bound in a.
steelers sailors handshake.
handshake.
because violence is.
The tenders embrace the tenders embrace.
sitting on my bed just is known soon as can be.
an asset to the.
Something to make me happy.
And it may seem.
Real.
man.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
/: theatrical.
/: gets bring em elo.
Scott Rettberg: Beautiful performance guys.
/: Thank you so much Thank you so much.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you so much for that magical piece, and thank you to all the artists on the program of the last four days and as well as the artists who contributed work to the video gallery and to the other.
Ian Hatcher: conference galleries.
Ian Hatcher: Some most of the live performances from the past four days have been archived on film set, but some are ephemeral and will disappear soon, so if you have missed somebody we'd like to see a lot of beautiful things that happened check those out soon.
Ian Hatcher: And I think now it's time for a word, so let me pass my hosting baton on.
Leonardo Flores: Thank you so much.
Leonardo Flores: folks this was a really special set of performances, they have all been strong but we today we got to see zoom dress down and build back up again it's amazing.
Leonardo Flores: So thank you all all right folks, we know that the next panel begins at four, we have a brief award ceremony, and thanks to the organizers because this is the the the closing event, please bear with us as we bring this.
Leonardo Flores: This conference to an almost close remember, there are panels after this so without further ado, let me introduce the awards.
Leonardo Flores: Now that yellow wards a few things that the Community should know they're all supported through donations for the award so these did not come from membership dues.
Leonardo Flores: They every year we select member of the board that will act as awards convener, this is a person that does not have any conflict of interest in terms of being eligible for an award that given year that awards convener.
Leonardo Flores: Along with the board selects an external committee from the Community to be the jury for the award and the convener then works independently, with the jury to.
Leonardo Flores: You know, we send out a call, but then the convenor works independently, with the jury to go through the process of selecting and awarding the yellow awards.
Leonardo Flores: The three elo awards that we have.
Leonardo Flores: come with $1,000 prize, as well as a little plaque.
Leonardo Flores: And board members who are eligible, the first year we were not eligible, but then became eligible for awards, as we externalize the process because of the bylaws board members cannot receive any kind of funding.
Leonardo Flores: You know, we cannot accept funding so whenever if any board member ever wins the award that is assigned to usually a yellow fellow that helps develop projects with the board member.
Leonardo Flores: And so, these things are donated again.
Leonardo Flores: Without further ado on that I will introduce on an actor who served as our awards convener and who's going to introduce the jury and.
Leonardo Flores: The awardees so i'm all yours.
Anna Nacher: Thank you Leo Let me share my screen, so I can show you what it's going on with.
Anna Nacher: With the awards this year um I hope you can see my screen and.
Anna Nacher: yeah and and here's the presentation so um.
Anna Nacher: yeah so Indeed, I have a great pleasure and an honor to serve as as the ios 2021 hour it's convener and of course we have three categories and I guess most of you are already.
Anna Nacher: familiar with, with the categories Robert cooler word for a work of electronic Richard the end catrin health world for.
Anna Nacher: For criticism of electronic literature and the murderer EC LUSA ring career achievement awards and and the new categories coming and and it's going to be announced in roughly 10 minutes.
Anna Nacher: So I had a great pleasure to to to work with wonderful jury members and this year's Yuri for the rubber cover awards were decent or Lewis Amira canopy and current and on the team, and I would like to also emphasize the fact that.
Anna Nacher: that the number of nominated works this year was significant rise from last year last year was 28.
Anna Nacher: works nominated this year it was 49.
Anna Nacher: nominated artworks so it speaks volumes about how our field is expanding and here are our shortlisted artworks.
Anna Nacher: And this is the first of the shortlisted ones and see already probably know that it is Diego bonita big data and other outward that will surely set and this year, I asked for.
Anna Nacher: For show results and one winner so you'll probably know that another shortlisted artwork is Jason lessons on the wonders of lost trajectories and here you can see.
Anna Nacher: The jury's justifications and we're happy to time constraints, so i'm going to read all the justifications you will be able to read it for yourself, probably in mark marino's announcements that usually comes after the orange ceremony and So here we have.
Anna Nacher: extremely interesting artwork and I strongly encourage you to check all of them, not only the winner.
Anna Nacher: Because this artwork is coming from.
Anna Nacher: I think.
Anna Nacher: very interesting.
Anna Nacher: places and people and i'm not sure if I pronounced the name well shanshan 10 and Maria raw Oliver I know that you're here in the audience, so please.
Anna Nacher: Can you change one TIM, can you.
Anna Nacher: pronounce your name, so we know how to do it properly.
Qianxun Chen: tension.
Anna Nacher: Thank you very much thank you, I love this airport very much, I must say, and now i'm.
Anna Nacher: The last of the shortlist at once and amazing artwork immersive experience by stephanie dinkins secret garden.
Anna Nacher: And all the links will be in the chat I believe in the moment, so now.
Anna Nacher: The great moment has come, we have the winner in the category of the best electronic retoucher artworks produced in 2020 and the winner is.
Anna Nacher: laser hook, the vine and the fish.
Anna Nacher: And here is the justification of the jury and I think it's also interesting that this artwork is kind of falls into the category that's not often this cost for this web comics this is interesting in itself.
Anna Nacher: and other category is the M Catherine has the word for criticism of electronic literature and Judy this year.
Anna Nacher: we're at counterfeiter guzman Ruby colorism and mark Marino and i'm deeply grateful to all the jury members for the excellent work we've got 15 works nominated, which is slightly slight decrease from the last year when 17.
Anna Nacher: works or nominated and here again we have to Honorable mentions first of which is real florists Claudia cosmic and the hurdle for mother and follow your lead alerts.
Anna Nacher: and
Anna Nacher: So he i'm sure many of you have already checked this wonderful resource that's been.
Anna Nacher: appreciated by the jury as well, the second hon hon mentioned goes to.
Anna Nacher: Marisa Barnum break dance, and this is an amazing amazingly innovative kind of.
Anna Nacher: Critical work so.
Anna Nacher: strongly recommended to.
Anna Nacher: To check out and now.
Anna Nacher: And it is my absolutely great pleasure to announce that the winner in the category is JESSICA pressman bullishness loving books in a digital age Columbia University press 2020 and in a moment, I will ask all winners, to say a few words of cons.
Anna Nacher: And here is what shireen.
Anna Nacher: have emphasized about the book and also i'm sure that many.
Anna Nacher: People in the audience have already seen it reddit or participated in a.
Anna Nacher: In a in a book launch and i'm Finally, the Marjorie see LUSA bring career achievement awards.
Anna Nacher: With the jewelry.
Anna Nacher: consisted of Dana Larsen jr carpenter and nonetheless Portela nine nominations as compared to five nominations last year, and here is.
Anna Nacher: One moment winner.
Anna Nacher: And the winner is.
Anna Nacher: capable enter.
Anna Nacher: And also, I guess you'll agree that it's well deserved and so now, I would like to ask the winners, if they are with us to say a few words, and I think we'll start with the winner of the Roberts coover words i'm wondering if if life is here with us.
Anna Nacher: Probably not I cannot really see.
Anna Nacher: All the.
Anna Nacher: functions here, so I don't see who is saying yes or no, for example, so as you realize it's not here with us and JESSICA, are you here.
Anna Nacher: We we gone i've been here JESSICA in the audience Kate are you here with us today.
Kate Pullinger: Yes, i'm here can you hear me.
Kate Pullinger: Yes, congratulations.
Kate Pullinger: Thank you it's really fantastic i'm i'm very surprised really a great honor I went to my first yellow conference in.
Kate Pullinger: yeah in Los Angeles, which is where I met caitlyn Fisher and Dana Larsen and Dini and various other people, so that is a lifetime really is that, so thank you.
Anna Nacher: Thank you so much for being being with us and and really emphasized your long standing cooperation and all the contribution that.
Anna Nacher: That you brought in into activity of the organization and it this this.
Anna Nacher: i'm verdict also will be delivered by a one and only mark Marino who's gonna send out the announcements.
Anna Nacher: And one more one yellow or tomorrow.
Anna Nacher: This year.
Anna Nacher: And this is a new category that we wants to introduce and the category is the maverick.
Anna Nacher: And you all, probably know who's gonna be ordered it with the maverick and soon and i'm going to pass to scatter at Bergen Captain Fisher who.
Anna Nacher: Tell a bit more about the origins of the category and.
Anna Nacher: About behind the scenes, so to speak, i'm caitlin.
Caitlin Fisher: Sure, are you there Scott.
Scott Rettberg: i'm here.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah okay it's a bit anticlimactic.
Now.
Scott Rettberg: screen sharing for a minute or or not.
Scott Rettberg: Maybe you could stop.
Anna Nacher: yeah so go ahead.
Caitlin Fisher: yeah i'll start so last year about this time at elo when we were at the way for damon lauren baker we a number of us had a discussion around the importance of recognizing.
Caitlin Fisher: The artists and scholars and amazing people as part of the HALO community who who sometimes are not the people.
Caitlin Fisher: Most likely to be winning other awards because they're on a crazy brilliant genius path all their own and so out of that discussion came came the idea for a maverick award you want to take it over from there Scott for a bit.
Scott Rettberg: Sure yeah and as as caitlyn said.
Scott Rettberg: We were gathered at awake for for damon lauren Baker, who was who was somebody who kind of worked outside of the the guidelines and was very difficult person to categorize.
Scott Rettberg: And, and while we were talking at that event.
Scott Rettberg: talent suggested that there should be a maverick award an award for for someone who took an unconventional path yeah who really sort of colored outside of the lines.
Scott Rettberg: And, of course.
Scott Rettberg: damon is part of this prize there's a tribute to damon, which is a bottle of song jermaine damon's favorite liquor.
Scott Rettberg: And the the the prize will be $500 in a bottle of Center man.
Scott Rettberg: But as we.
Scott Rettberg: As we.
Scott Rettberg: make this award for the first time.
Scott Rettberg: we're thinking of talent Mehmet who, who I think is a maverick.
Scott Rettberg: To which we can provide future aspirations for for everyone in the electronic literature community.
Scott Rettberg: Those of you who know talon know that he was a skateboarder in a punk Rocker and a chef a sous chef and a chef at one of the at a great restaurant in San Francisco.
Scott Rettberg: before he became a web designer and started a perceptive con a web design company.
Scott Rettberg: in San Francisco and while he was he was a web designer and independent creator he created a web journal called beehive.
Scott Rettberg: That was in the 1990s and early 2000s, one of the most important venues and adventurous venues for the publication of electronic literature.
Scott Rettberg: And then, those of you who know his work, of course, know lexi to perplex SIA, which is one of the most canonical works of electronic literature, but you also know that.
Scott Rettberg: You know talent, who came out of a an arts background and worked a bit at cal arts and was was friends with Kathy acker and certainly.
Scott Rettberg: influenced by our and and developed works of in a variety of media throughout his career and continues to not trying to talk in the in the past tense about talent.
Scott Rettberg: But he he worked in film he worked in visual arts he's he's worked in electronic literature in many different varieties he's worked.
Scott Rettberg: He worked on the Elf board to always provide the board with an alternative perspective, Robert coover I remember when he was talking about what he was trying to do, or why he.
Scott Rettberg: got into electronic literature, to begin with and started teaching, it was he said that he always wanted to encourage writers to work against the grain of the media.
Scott Rettberg: in which they were operating.
Scott Rettberg: And talon is someone who is always worked against the brand and always challenged the media, he did things like start the under academy college.
Scott Rettberg: An alternative university that did not a here to to the normal rules, for instance, that you, you would pay tuition or be graded.
Scott Rettberg: But instead, you would have kind of imaginary university realize where you would all create together so i'm very happy.
Scott Rettberg: to announce the first winner of the maverick award and to read the designation, which will be an award given in the future as well, by the Eo.
Scott Rettberg: And of course there'll be donation supported, I encourage you all to donate I will, after this event, so the maverick is to be awarded annually to an independent spirit.
Scott Rettberg: A writer artist researcher programmer designer performer or hybrid Creator, who does not adhere to a conventional path, but creates their own.
Scott Rettberg: And, in so doing, makes a singular contribution to the field of electronic literature and the winner, of course, is talon Mehmet and here to receive the award on behalf of his brother, I believe, is is Dennis moment.
The Memmotts: Well, I just wanted to.
The Memmotts: Just on behalf of my brother.
The Memmotts: He lives up maverick life.
The Memmotts: And he did.
The Memmotts: And he does, and he did from when he was a little kid.
The Memmotts: um you can imagine, growing up in a house with him.
The Memmotts: Being a little kid and.
The Memmotts: him and a neighbor starting a film company at like 14 years old and they started a theater in their neighbor's house concession stand.
The Memmotts: amazing movies, you know stop action films all this stuff and.
The Memmotts: It just continued on from there, and for for me to be able to accept this on his behalf, you have to understand that he was an inspiration for me to go into art education has what.
The Memmotts: I know he would have loved to have been here to accept it.
The Memmotts: It won't just serve as an encouragement warm.
The Memmotts: But it will serve.
The Memmotts: As an acknowledgement.
The Memmotts: of years of hard work dedication of perseverance.
The Memmotts: That all that to finally be recognized for it, so I want to thank.
The Memmotts: You Hello for honoring them in this way.
The Memmotts: and
The Memmotts: Thank you for understanding encouraging his maverick way.
The Memmotts: So thank you.
Scott Rettberg: All right, love love you the mamet's love you love you Dennis and love talent.
Scott Rettberg: So talent will be watching this this video momentarily and we hope that he has many years of creation.
Scott Rettberg: ahead of him.
Scott Rettberg: But I think this moment of recognizing that electronic literature isn't just about those of us who who choose a conventional path, but those of us who.
Scott Rettberg: Who do things that no one would expect that's how our field came about and tell and Mehmet I think is the person who personifies that most so thank you to the elo for deciding to to give this award.
Scott Rettberg: And thank you to talent and also our hearts go out right now to the moment family.
Scott Rettberg: talent is is going to is going through some difficult times, right now, but he's he's going to survive and his life's work is treasure and valued by all of us so thanks.
Scott Rettberg: So much, thank you.
Anna Nacher: So much, and I must add that talent as a great colleague.
Anna Nacher: amazing colleague I was lucky enough to teach at winona State University in creative digital media with devin heckman and Tom mainland and our conversation we're just fascinating so sending on my love and healing energies to talent to both minutes actually.
Anna Nacher: Then, is to thank you Dennis for for for your for.
Anna Nacher: What you've just said about talent um, so I think we don't have much time left, and I was terribly stressed, through this ceremony for for many reasons, but I would like to.
Anna Nacher: add some gratitude and huge things first of all i'm immensely grateful to all the jury's members.
Anna Nacher: whose work I so much appreciate and whose contributions in also in in in terms of comments and opinions they wanted to share with us about the process and will still in the discussion that I hope will contribute to how this process will.
Anna Nacher: What it will look like in the nearest future and special thanks go to holly slocum for her enthusiasts skills and willingness to help, and I want you all to show your applause and appreciation to holly, who is the person behind the scenes, usually working very hard and not.
Anna Nacher: Often being mentioned.
Anna Nacher: publicly and, last but not least, big thanks to all the non nominators and nominees and all the people in the audience to the whole yellow electronic retoucher organization and to the organizers of this wonderful conference, basically, I I think we're.
Anna Nacher: All in a huge festival of gratitude and I think that's at.
Anna Nacher: And today's ceremony Thank you so much.
Leonardo Flores: Thank you honor and we have so a big hand to honor to the jurors and to the winners of the awards, we are proud of the work and grateful for the work you all the.
Leonardo Flores: I can't.
Leonardo Flores: leave this without extending a little bit more thanks.
Leonardo Flores: To the entire elo 2021 team.
Leonardo Flores: All the curators all the organizers all the behind the scenes folks who were running around.
Leonardo Flores: Everyone, this has been an amazing online Conference, I think we have felt the Community and the energy and the sharing and you have really made a special event this year and to show a little bit of our gratitude.
Leonardo Flores: We are the Board has as chip, then for a little gift for the two conference co chairs soren and Scott.
Leonardo Flores: We have.
Leonardo Flores: enlisted some co conspirators who are supposed to come up to you right about now and deliver a little gift on our behalf.
Leonardo Flores: Very go there you go here it comes there's talent there Sarin there Scott, a little bit of a special sweet Barbados rum from to CIRCA 2007 2009.
Leonardo Flores: And you know I want you when you set this to think of the sweet distillation and that that comes from from this community from its love think about 2007 and 2009 right before the crash right when the world was prosperous and flash ran beautifully.
Leonardo Flores: Listen just thank you for an amazing job, thank you for creating this experience, where we have all been able to come together and thanks.
Leonardo Flores: To the Community for for making this an event that is vital that is welcoming that that where we come together and feel like a family and welcome new people and and just a round of applause to our organizers and to all of you.
Leonardo Flores: Thank you, thank you and.
Scott Rettberg: Thanks for watch, I just want to say that.
Scott Rettberg: You know it for for sort of I think that seeing this kind of crazy.
Scott Rettberg: event and sort of idea and challenging the Community come together and seeing everyone really provide first class scholarship.
Scott Rettberg: first class artworks exhibitions performances that really dealt with the themes that we were the that we really wanted people to engage with was so rewarding.
Scott Rettberg: And I just want to say my deepest heartfelt thanks to soren pulled and his team, or whose university.
Scott Rettberg: You know I said to soar i'm going to do, the arts program i've decided in advance or into most of the arts program before the conference.
Scott Rettberg: So that that's done and I can just enjoy the conference, while you deal with with the conference itself, and all that the hassles that entails, so one of my best friends and favorite collaborators, with whom I will collaborate on many projects in the future.
Scott Rettberg: Congratulations to to soren polled Malta, all the team or his university thanks for this.
S?ren Pold: Thanks a lot.
S?ren Pold: Leo and.
S?ren Pold: Scott.
S?ren Pold: And my own I guess.
S?ren Pold: it's been amazing working together with all the people behind the scenes, and you know it's today to mention everybody, but they on the website and and also, I want to say you know, without you Scott, I wouldn't dare to do this.
S?ren Pold: and
S?ren Pold: It would have been some things would have been easier because yeah thanks just kept growing but that's part of the fun.
S?ren Pold: And then I will also say you know I to everybody who participated that listening in on on i've been at about a third of the panels or something it's just been amazing to see how people grasp the ideas and discussions.
S?ren Pold: Of course soon fatigue is a real thing but but but there's just been lively discussions people have kept the time and and and you know really been contributing, so I think that you know we all go go from this.
S?ren Pold: With more stuff for our research more work on, but also the the amazing art performances and these patients it's just it's been an amazing week so thanks a lot to everybody.
Dene Grigar: there's still a panel left.
S?ren Pold: yeah and don't forget, you know there's a panel like in four minutes.
Scott Rettberg: yeah and i'd also say that.
Scott Rettberg: For me, the fact that all of these recordings of all these panels are up on vimeo the yellow doesn't end here i'm going to be watching so many panels that I missed.
Scott Rettberg: I didn't miss them because we put them up on vimeo right away and they're all archived in the homestead knowledge base so don't let the conference and here you still got your homework for the next week or so.
Leonardo Flores: Thank you all and take a little break and let's attend the last conference, the last panels and then I hope you can join us into this chord channel afterwards and the voice or video channel We have lots of rooms go hang out and thank you all.
S?ren Pold: Thank you.
cheers.
Leonardo Flores: cheers enjoy and share with your team yes.
yeah.
Anna Nacher: Nice.